Proposal for incubation repositories (#55)
eclipse-score/score: docs/features/integration/index.rst

-  repositories containing implementation of particular features

Incubation repositories
=======================

> For early evaluation of existing implementations and prototypes we introduce
> so called `incubation repositories`.
> They should serve as a prototyping area where developers can share and build
> code with only limited restrictions such as quality KPIs, review processes, etc.
> 
> Incubation repositories are indicated by the suffix `inc_` in the repo name.
> 
> Any incubation repository shall evolve over time towards a fully functional
> bazel module, which can be integrated via an additonal dependency in the main
> build.
> 
> If a repo has reached this state and the concept is approved in general the
> content can be used as input for the `score` repository, where the development
> according to the defined process happens. In this stage the content
> shall still be disabled via a bazel `feature flag` with the following the
> nameing convention `//experimental_[feature]`.
> The `experimental`-suffix indicates to the user that
> this functionality is not yet ready for series production.
> Additionally the relevant code might not meet all required quality KPIs.

Reviewer: small spelling correction
```suggestion
For early evaluation of existing implementations and prototypes we introduce
so called `incubation repositories`.
They should serve as a prototyping area where developers can share and build
code with only limited restrictions such as quality KPIs, review processes, etc.

Incubation repositories are indicated by the prefix `inc_` in the repo name.

Any incubation repository shall evolve over time towards a fully functional
Bazel module, which can be integrated via an additional dependency in the main
build.

If a repo has reached this state and the concept is approved in general the
content can be used as input for the `score` repository, where the development
according to the defined process happens. In this stage the content
shall still be disabled via a Bazel `feature flag` with the following the
naming convention `//experimental_[feature]`.
The `experimental` prefix indicates to the user that
this functionality is not yet ready for series production.
Additionally the relevant code might not meet all required quality KPIs.
```
